README.md, before:

# TABLE OF CONTENT

1. [title](#GITHUB-AUTO-SEARCH)
2. [Author](#CARINE-IZERE)
3. [Descripion](#Description)
4. [Development server](#Development-server)
5. [Setup/Installation Requirements](#Setup/Installation-Requirements)
6. [Technologies Used](Technologies-Used)

## GITHUB AUTO_SEARCH

## CARINE IZERE

## Description

    Use my GitHub Auto-search to find what you're looking for among the many repositories, users, and lines of code on GitHub.
    This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 7.2.2.

## Development server

     Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Setup/Installation Requirements

     git repository
     Visual studio code
     Open an Angular Js
     chrome web browser
     Git clone https://github.com/CarineIzere/GitHub-Searcher or download and unzip the repository from github. user $ git clone https://github.com/CarineIzere/GitHub-Searcher

## Technologies Used

     HTML
     CSS
     visual studio code
     Bootstrap
     Angular js
     classes
     components etc..

## Code scaffolding

     Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

     Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

     Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://CarineIzere.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

       Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

    To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

add contact in Readme.md

README.md, after:

# TABLE OF CONTENT

1. [title](#GITHUB-AUTO-SEARCH)
2. [Author](#CARINE-IZERE)
3. [Descripion](#Description)
4. [Development server](#Development-server)
5. [Setup/Installation Requirements](#Setup/Installation-Requirements)
6. [Technologies Used](Technologies-Used)
7. [Contributing](Contributing)
8. [Contact information](Contact-information)
9. [copyright](copyright)
10. [License](License)
11. [Acknowledgement](Acknowledgement)
12.


    copyright
    Copyright (c) [2019][carine izere]
    License
    This software CarineIzere/pig-dice6 is licensed under the MIT license.
    Acknowledgement
    It will be a great pressure for anyone will use my code this will promote me and i will give you a gift

## GITHUB AUTO_SEARCH

## CARINE IZERE

## Description

    Use my GitHub Auto-search to find what you're looking for among the many repositories, users, and lines of code on GitHub.
    This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 7.2.2.

## Development server

     Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Setup/Installation Requirements

     git repository
     Visual studio code
     Open an Angular Js
     chrome web browser
     Git clone https://github.com/CarineIzere/GitHub-Searcher or download and unzip the repository from github. user $ git clone https://github.com/CarineIzere/GitHub-Searcher

## Technologies Used

     HTML
     CSS
     visual studio code
     Bootstrap
     Angular js
     classes
     components etc..

## Contributing

     pull requests are encouraged

## Contact information

     For assistance contact carizeree@gmail.com or call me at : +205783706421

## Code scaffolding

     Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

     Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

     Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://CarineIzere.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

       Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

    To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).
